After the
backpack was
found, Feliciano
and five
other volunteers
decided to search
the Culebra.
Sadly,
through these
searches,
it was confirmed
that the girls
were no longer
alive.
On June 19,
Kris’s hip
bone and
Lisanne’s shoe
with her
foot still inside
it were found
by these
searchers.
The remains
had washed up
under a tree
on the banks
of the
Serpent River.
The foot was
in an advanced
state of decay
with skin
still attached
to it.
Three fractures
were found
in the
metatarsals,
which are the bones
that connect
your ankle
to your toes.
And many reports
state that
Lisanne’s foot
was broken
in 28 places.
But it was
really just
the three
fractures.
Shortly after
this, Kris’s
shorts
were discovered
by a group
of searchers
floating in the
Serpent River,
more than
five kilometers
from Mirador
and a half mile
from where
the backpack
was found.
One of Kris's
hiking boots
had been
discovered
by Feliciano
and his team
a few days
before they found
the shorts.
Her foot was
not inside
the boot.
Then on
June 25th,
it was confirmed
that the
pelvic bone
discovered
belonged to Kris.
It had suffered
a fracture
that could
have been caused
by a fall,
or it
could have been
caused by
just the
rough waters
of the
Serpent River.
A few days
later, three
more bones
were found.
The bones
were parts
of Lisanne's left
femur, tibia
and left foot.